🤫 Secrets/Config Vars (#636)
cloudflare/workers-docs: content/reference/apis/configuration_variables/secrets.md

---
title: 'Secrets'
weight: 2
---

> Once a secret is set using [wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/secret) or in the UI, it becomes available to your Worker script as its string value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a secret is uploaded via [wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/secret) or in the UI, the string is exposed on the global namespace.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Once a secret is uploaded via [wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/secret) or in the UI, the string is exposed on the global namespace as type [`String`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String).
```

> Example where `SECRET` is set  and then set as a header `Auth` in a fetch.

Reviewer: it's probably worth putting in an example line from `wrangler.toml` here to show what it would be and what the repsonse would look like

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript
```

Once a secret is uploaded via [wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/secret) or in the UI, the string is exposed on the global namespace as type [`String`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String).

In the below example, we set the secret `SECRET` using `wrangler secret`, and then use it in our script as part of the `Authorization` header.

Creating the secret using [`wrangler secret`](/tooling/wrangler/secrets):

```bash
wrangler secret create SECRET
Enter the secret text you'd like assigned to the variable name on the script named my-worker-ENVIRONMENT_NAME: mysekret
```

Using the secret inside of your Workers script:

```javascript
let headers = new Headers({ Authorization: SECRET })
```

> TODO: copy about `wrangler secret` vs Cloudflare dashboard UI secrets

Author: Hmm this is tricky. This section `/reference/apis/..` should strictly contain reference material to the runtime's global scope.  The wrangler command example here is a how-to. And how secrets work in the UI versus wrangler is an explanation article. 
One idea to resolve this is to put the wrangler secret create example as a template page as a snippet and then either just link to the template page here or remove this page since it's really just saying secrets are available as strings. Then in the Copy about `wrangler secrete create` versus UI   place under `/about/secrets` if it's a lot of information which btw how are they different?

Reviewer 2: ah, i see! i'm happy to do whatever you think is best here 👍 doing a snippet works for me, let me know if you want me to commit that!
